>> Maximiliano Firtman: Now it's
time to start our project, okay?
Before getting into the architecture,
I will go back to my project in VS code,
okay, this is what I got
from GitHub from the URL.
It's completely empty, and
again, if you open the readme,
you go to the top, and
you can see, step by step, okay?
what they're going to be building and
writing, so
we need to start by creating a go project.
Actually, it's called a go module,
in go, we call this module.
So the first step will be in this folder,
I will open a terminal, so
terminal, new terminal,
or use the shortcut.
And in the terminal we are going to
be creating a new module using Go.
And for that, we use go mod init, and
then we need the name of the project.
In Go, we typically name the project
with kind of a URL system,
even if it's not a valid existent URL.
So for example here we can say
frontalmasters.com forward
slash really neat or movies however,
you wanna call that.
And if you wanna change that name later
it's actually pretty the only thing
that is new now is that we
do have a go dot mod file.
And that go dot mod file is actually
saying that's the name of the module,
that's all, okay,
it's not really a big deal.
Remember, if you wanna call it movies,
it's okay,
it's up to you the name that you will
use here, okay, you change that name.
The only important part is that later,
when we are importing package sheets in
Go from one package from another package.
We use that full URL, okay, so you can
change that later, but have in mind that
you also will need to update all your
packages, all your import declarations.
Well, the next step is to create
the main file that typically
we call it main.go and, so
we create a new file, okay?
And that map we find what we call main.go,
and here we can start writing our code.
And most of the time we have a well,
package main and
a function, main, func main, that's all,
that's we have our Go project the minimum,
at least go project ready, okay?
But just because we are here,
I already mentioned that we are going
to be using some external dependencies,
some libraries.
So let's start adding those libraries, at
least the two most important ones that we
will use, we can do that later as well
every time, actually before using it.
And also if you're using BS code, when you
try to use the library for the first time.
And you didn't include the dependency
of the library, BS code will ask you,
hey, do you wanna install it, and it will
do that for you, but let's do it manually.
So again, the readme you have this,
snippet to copy and
paste if you want, actually,
it's not a big deal.
But this is the godotdem project,
this is the one that will let us use
the dotdem files to store, for example,
credentials and other information
that are secret information.
And this one is actually the one that
will let us use Postgres in Go, okay?
So, I will copy this, and
I will paste this in the terminal,
and this has just added
the two dependencies.
You will see that when you go to the go
dot mold file that now we have require and
we have two dependencies,
okay, for now that's all.
If this is the first time you're
using these two dependencies,
your computer is going to
download the files as well.
If you have already used those
dependencies before another project,
you won't see the download in
part as it happened with my case.
I haven't seen any downloading,
that's because I already
have them in my computer.
Go is storing dependencies in
some kind of a global space
in your user in the operating system.
So it's not like Node modules with Node.js
that you have the dependencies in your
project.
So every project has its own dependencies,
here no Go is taking those
from a global space in your user
profile in the operating system.